for the past 30 minutes we've seen
nonstop ambulance being dispatched from
alaka hospital all the way to the side
of the targeted residential homes and as
you can see this is the probably uh if
I'm not mistaken this is the pr of these
ambulance Vehicles bringing back
injuries back to the hospital side and
as you can see these are the casualties
uh as a result of the attack on Al
andazi refugee camp another ambulance
just made its way all the way to the mor
because it's carrying uh what looks
like body from uh the uh the attack side
this is the bomb HED and the body was
carried all the way to the morning here
what we look at is a remaining family
member who happened to be critically
injured but he was in the ambulance with
another family member who was pronounced
dead right at the site of the attack
this has been going on for the past 30
minutes or so and it still did not stop
we're seeing aspersion the attacks and
it seems to be the beginning of a
massive operations in Al refugee camp as
the Israeli military just announced it's
beginning to Target infrastructures and
Facilities uh in the AL and Ali refugee
camp so right now I'm at the door of the
morg this is the morg of alaka hospital
where newly brought bodies to the
hospital have been stacked here and as
you can see they're literally on the
floor of the hospital that's a body of a
of a child and these are other bodies
that were just brought a few minutes ago
uh who could have believed that these
people were inside their homes uh half
an hour ago what we see here is a whole
family of mothers fathers siblings all
here at the floor of this Mor and uh we
don't know what's going to happen next
the bombing is still going on there more
bodies are coming to the hospital as we
were told of by one paramedics and civil
defensive crew more ambulance V Vehicles
been dispatched outside the hospital to
the targeted site paramedics told us
there more families are trapped inside
the bombed homes and in the
neighborhoods unable to leave because of
the intensity of the bombing campaigns
this is very tragic very sad and again
who would have fought this family half
an hour ago together right now at the
floor of this Mor and a spokesman for
alaxa Hospital says people are dying as
they wait for life-saving operations and
he says patients have being treated on
the floor the hospital's already
struggling to deal with three times as
many patients as it's designed for
[Applause]
we demand the Rafa and K Abu salum
Crossings be reopened to transfer the
injured and the sick abroad to ease this
Health crisis medical supplies field
hospitals Fuel and staff must be allowed
in to operate the hospitals and Health
Care Centers this is an urgent appeal to
International health organizations
across the world to save gaza's health
system and to stop this genocidal War
before it's too
late make sure subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jaaz